Describe stata licensing (#620)
opensafely/documentation: docs/actions-scripts.md

We currently package version 16.1, with `datacheck`, `safetab`, and `safecount` libraries installed; when installed, new libraries will appear [in the stata-docker GitHub repository](https://github.com/opensafely-core/stata-docker/tree/master/libraries).

As Stata is a commercial product, a license key is needed to use it. 

#### If you are a member of the opensafely GitHub organisation
* If you are using Windows, then the `opensafely` command line software will
automatically use the OpenSAFELY stata license. 
* If you are using macOS:

>    * Download and install the [github cli tool (`gh`)](https://cli.github.com/)
>    * Run `gh auth login --web`. Select the "HTTPS" option, and follow the instructions

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
   1. Download and install [GitHub's command-line tool (`gh`)](https://cli.github.com/)
   2. Run `gh auth login --web`. Select the "HTTPS" option, and follow the instructions
```

>   * The `opensafely` command line software will now automatically use the OpenSAFELY stata license

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
  * The `opensafely` command line software will now automatically use the OpenSAFELY Stata license
```

#### All other external users

> If you are not a member of the opensafely GitHub organisation, you will need to provide your own Stata-MP license. Unfortunately other flavours of Stata are not yet supported; let us know if this is a problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not a member of the opensafely GitHub organisation, you must provide your own **Stata/MP** license. Unfortunately other Stata flavours are not yet supported; [let us know](how-to-get-help.md) if this is a problem.
```

> First, locate your Stata license string as follows:

Reviewer: nit: I'd personally use an ordered list here for instructions for the reader to follow. Just to help emphasise where each step starts and end.

> Locate a text file, called STATA.LIC (on Windows) or stata.lic (macOS and Linux) which is usually at the top level of the folder of your Stata installation:

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Locate a text file, called `STATA.LIC` (on Windows) or `stata.lic` (macOS and Linux) which is usually at the top level of the folder of your Stata installation:
```

* On Windows machine it's usually somewhere like `C:\Program Files\Stata17`
* On Linux, somewhere like `/usr/local/stata17/`
* On macOS it's usually in `/Applications/Stata/`

Within that file, you'll find a license string of the format `SerialNumber!Code!Authorization!User!Organisation!VersionCode`. 

Now set it as an environment variable, for example:

    export STATA_LICENSE='your license string'

> The `opensafely` command line software will now automatically use this OpenSAFELY stata license.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
The `opensafely` command line software will now automatically use this Stata license.
```

Reviewer 2: Also maybe add a line saying:

You will need to repeat this step each time you open a new terminal.
